OSDOCS-17161:(CQA) APP-2: Deployments - Attachment1 (#117196)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deployment-specific-features.adoc

[id="deployment-specific-features_{context}"]
= Deployment-specific features

> [role="_abstract"]
> `Deployment` objects in {product-title} support concurrent replica set rollouts, proportional scaling during updates, and pausing mid-rollout. These capabilities differ from `DeploymentConfig` objects and can make application updates faster and more flexible.

Reviewer: Is this accurate?
```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can use `Deployment` objects in {product-title} to roll out multiple sets rollouts, scale ongoing rollouts during updates, or pause mid-rollout. These capabilities differ from `DeploymentConfig` objects and can make application updates faster and more flexible.
```
